[Autogenerated] unlike what we've seen so far,
micro services do not always communicate synchronously.
In fact, message driven or asynchronous communication tends to me just is common.
This isn't a Micra Service architecture course,
so we won't go into too much detail about which of the team efforts to use.
But we will go into a high level overview of how messaging works.
If we take a provider under she Met,
uses messaging for inter service communication,
then certain actions will cause it to send the message.
However, unlike with hate,
TTP messages don't go directly to another micro service.
Instead, they end up a message broker on Once a message has ended up there,
the providers work is done.
It is then the responsibility off.
The broker, to then acknowledge it has received the message on them.
Forward it onto the correct place.
This will generally be to a consumer or in some cases,
as messengers confine out and be routed to multiple places.
They can end up with many consumers,
making a journey slightly more complex and hasty t pay.
So there are a few advantages to this approach.
For example,
there's a durability guarantees as Broca's can persist
messages to ensure they are delivered.
They can also retry failed messages on buffered him to
prevent overwhelming off a consumer.
But a core benefit is a decoupling of micro services as now,
they no longer depend on each other directly.
This means that our provider could be tested in isolation,
with only the broker under consumers can also be tested
in isolation with only the broker.
This decoupling House Micro Services become autonomous,
but can also lead to the misconception that consumer driven
contract Chastain would not be needed her.
So why would we need consumer driven contract testing if our micro
services no longer communicate with each other directly?
Well, first of all, there is actually still some coupling.
If a message is consumed from a Q than the producer of that message,
must correctly produce messages to do.
Q.
If there was a mismatch in Q names deter an error in configuration,
the messages would get lost without being an error.
The same principle applies to Messi schemers.
If a consumer expect certain Jason,
then we need to be able to guarantee that all messages
we produce comply with that schemer.
Otherwise,
even if we are able to produce our messages with no errors
are consumers could still start for in exceptions as they
felt on Marshall the payloads.
So, really, although we are decoupled Vira broker,
were still coupled in message schemers que names on
any over common configuration.
The next thing to consider is that is a certain amount
of overhead in running a broker.
They don't star instantly, so console oh down a build or test run,
which depends on them.
They also consume Resource is and can introduce operational
overhead by having to set up and configure them as messages
confront out to multiple consumers.
This makes it important to be able to guarantee their
every interaction works correctly.
This is because the amounts of possible places where things
can go wrong can sometimes be very high.
And finally,
probably the most important thing to consider is just how hard asynchronous
communication is to de book when things go wrong with a synchronous hate TTP
call failures occur immediately when a request is made.
This makes him easy to find in locks with the messaging approach
manages can successfully be published to the brokers,
even if somewhere downstream the consumer fells toe,
Marshall it, or even listening to the wrong cue.
If a system is large with lots of messages and network harps than finding the
cause of these sorts of asynchronous problems is challenging.
So because of this complexity is much better.
Toe have reliable contract tests,
which negate a chance of these sorts of books occurring in the first place,
so support for messaging is built into spring cloud contract out of the box.
The spring cloud contract DSL that we've been working with also
allows you to define message driven interactions.
There's not much of a learning curve here,
as these types of contracts are very similar to the hate TTP driven
ones that we've already developed out of the box.
Apache Camel Spring Integration, Spring Cloud Stream on Spring AM,
QPR supported thanks to spring boot.
If one of these is on the class path, then everything will be all taken.
Figures.
This means it should be easy to integrate spring cloud contract
messaging into your existing projects with next to no configuration in
order to trigger messages for consumer side tests.
A stuffed trigger abstraction is provided.
This meets contracts easy to orchestrate joing tests on.
We'll be looking at how to do this shortly.
Finally, just like with hate TTP,
message driven contracts are automatically converted into provider side verification tests.